#summary This tutorial exposes briefly how to display a score using abc music notation.

= Introduction =
You will find exposed step by step, how to get the following score displayed thanks to abc4j :

= Details =
The abc notation is only one way to display scores, the other one can be achieved using the music model directly that is object oriented based instead of being ascii notation based.

==Step 1==
First, let's simply define the tune notes, its reference number, a title, and its key. These are the basics requiered to get a valid tune. Such tune would look like this:
{{{
X:0
T:A simple scale exercise
K:D
CDEFGABcdefggfedcBAGFEDC
}}}
To get it displayed, let's use the {{{abc.parser.TuneParser}}} class that is the most appropriated class to parse only 1 tune from its notation as a string.
The code to achieve this is : 
{{{
public static void main (String[] arg) {
	String tuneAsString = "X:0\nT:A simple scale exercise\nK:D\nCDEFGABcdefggfedcBAGFEDC\n";
	Tune tune = new TuneParser().parse(tuneAsString);
	JScoreComponent scoreUI =new JScoreComponent();
	scoreUI.setTune(tune);
	JFrame j = new JFrame();
	j.setSize(500, 200);
	j.add(scoreUI);
	j.pack();
	//System.out.println(sp.getSize());
	j.setVisible(true);
}
}}}

The execution of this code will display : 

As you may notice, the abc notation does not implicitly separate notes. If you write 

==Step 2==
Then we need to add the time signature and the measure bars to the tune. This will result into : 
{{{
X:0
T:A simple scale exercise
M:4/4
K:D
CDEF|GABc|defg|gfed|cBAG|FEDC
}}}


Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages